Various disorganized notes on how Man'chi works.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Man'chi Analysis:

THIS LIST IS OBSOLETE

The following types of analysis are included in Man'chi.  Not all apply
to every phase/situation, and some are intended for diagnostic display
only.  Hopefully this list will make some of the displays clearer to
use.

Fear Factor (position, per-country)
    This is part of the "Fear Factor" analysis, suggested by Paul Windsor
    in the "Geography is Destiny" articles.  This per-country analysis
    identifies the fear *projected* by a country, that is, which supply
    centers does it need to capture for a solo.  Due to the method of
    counting centers and stalemate lines, this analysis stops being valid 
    in the end game.

Fear Factor Summary (position, overall)
    A pretty country x country table of fear factor values.  This differs
    from the articles in that supply centers at the farthest tempi are
    rated proportionally to the number of possible centers.  Also, values
    are multipled by 100 for an easier display.

Fear Factor Delta (position, overall)
    A comparion of the fear factor summary values between this phase 
    and previous phases (both the previous phase and previous move
    phase, if different).  The value in the table is positive and red
    for increasing threat, and negative and green for decreasing.

Defensive Goals (position, per-country)
    Identifies supply centers and nearby provinces that need to be
    defended against an attack (both this phase and future phases).  
    Assumes all countries are equally hostile.
    
Colonization Goals (position, per-country, only if unowned SCs)
    Lists unowned supply centers within reach of the country (to be
    colonized) but not too close to another country.  In other words,
    identifies the "natural" 1901 captures.
    
Attack Goals (position, country-vs-country)
    Lists supply centers and nearby provinces owned by the target country.
    Simple and thus weak at the moment.

Peace Goals (position, country-vs-country)
    Very simple: if we're at peace with a country, creates goals to avoid
    its supply centers and units.  Created because following only the
    attack goals would sometimes order units to move through allied SCs 
    (oops!) to get to the enemy.

Potential Bounces (position, overall, retreat phases)
    If multiple units must retreat and two could retreat to the same
    location (for a bounce and disband), this identifies those potential
    bounces.  See automatic retreat orders.

Random Orders (thoughts, per-country, all phases)
    How exciting... random orders.  Rand-Bot just submits the orders from
    this analysis in a DAIDE game.
    
Hold Orders (thoughts, per-country, all phases except remove)
    Even more exciting... hold orders.  Not used anywhere.

Defensive Moves (thoughts, per-country, move phases)
    Uses defensive (and colonization) goals to suggest defensive moves.
    Works okay if neighbours are hostile.  However, if a country is 
    neutral, the generated moves may offend them.  For example,
    Eng: F Lon - Channel to "defend it" by keeping France out.

Attack Moves (thoughts, country-vs-country, move phases)
    Uses attack (and colonization) goals to suggest attacking moves
    against each neighbour.  Currently pays no attention to defence.
    Weak moves.  Uses the exact same move generator as the previous
    analysis, just driven by a different set of goals.  I'm trying to
    clearly separate the "what should we do" operational goals from 
    "how should we do it" tactical orders.

Automatic Retreats (thoughts, per-country, retreat phases)
    Many retreats have no or very litle choice to them.  This tries to 
    identify many of these and many other special retreat conditions,
    including resolution of potential bounces involving only one
    country.  Surprisingly, this is about half of all retreats in the 
    game.  Any retreats that are not "automatic" are left unordered in 
    this diagnostic analysis.
    
Defensive Retreats (thoughts, per-country, retreat phase)
    Orders retreats towards home, as defined by the defensive goals
    (and automatic retreats).

Revenge Retreats (thoughts, per-country, retreat phase)
    Orders retreats based on attack goals against the country that
    dislodged it.

Automatic Builds (thoughts, per-country, build phase)
    Identifies automatic builds and waives -- not very many of them.
    This diagnostic display will often leave some builds unordered.
    
Defensive Builds (thoughts, per-country, build phase)
    Orders builds based on defensive goals.
    
Defensive Removals (thoughts, per-country, removals phase)
    Order removals based on defensive goals.  Typically this is the unit
    farthest from home.

Included in Man'chi but not in any analysis display windows are the
following calculations:
- location and province distances, including lots of ways of saying 
    "how quickly can I reach X?" or "what units are near X?"
- interesting convoy routes, including land masses
- "future" positions including mandatory disbands, removals & captures

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
