Man'chi Diplomacy AI -- TODO
Copyright 2002-2003 Brian Roberts (brian@mirror.org)

This is a medium term TODO list.  Short term bugs, kludges, etc are 
commented within the source code (search for "TODO").  Long term
dreams are still in my head.  This document is intended to cover the
"doable but requires design and a bunch of work" tasks, especially
those that I've seen generate bad moves.

Retreat Bounces (tactical)
Scoring of retreats does not handle bouncing with foreign units.
Should compare scores from forced disband of both units(?).  Need
to consider rebuild options as well?

Convoy Success Rates (tactical)
Is not aware that dislodging of a convoying fleet will present the
convoy.  Probably should be creating a ChainedResult to lower the
success rate if necessary.

Cutting Support (tactical)
Currently has minor uncuttable support and moves to cut support
calculations.  Doesn't really get the concept, and will make a move
listed a "to cut support" when it doesn't do the corresponding 
attack.  Choices:
(a) Score calculations look for cut/uncuttable supports based on
existing moves.  Requires re-scoring existing decisions based on newly
added cuts.
(b) Add cuts as "assisting" units to possible moves (like supports are
handled now).  Makes it easier to manage and score an attack/defence
that involves cuts from the side.   Much easier to understand why
an attack would succeed/whatever.  Lots of ugly work.
(c) Ignore cuts & supports in initial move generation, then adjudicate
against foreign sets of orders to see what works.  This would make it
harder to understand the "why" behind a set of moves.

Peaceful Neighbours (operational)
Does not distinguish between (a) trusted neighbours we don't need
any defence against, (b) the normal peaceful neighbour we want to
keep a token unit or two in the area for, and (c) untrusted but
peaceful neighbours we want to hold a strong line against without
attacking.

Multiple Neighbours (probably strategic first)
Most obvious cause of bad, too defensive play is treating all countries
as equally hostile.  Eg, Germany in S1901M sees 4 "hostile" units 
threatening Munich (Par, War, Vie, Ven).  This has been tentatively
fixed by the alternate result calculations in SupportedHold/MoveScore
that assume no cooperation, but its ugly.  Really need to work on
the strategic level before this can be done properly.  Probably 
should be aiming towards calculating the best/likely/worst cases for
supports.

Stopping Attacks (operational/tactical)
In S1901M Austria doesn't see A Vie - Gal as useful as defending 
from Russia -- misses the benefit of keeping Russia out of that
province.  Probably should be calculating Russia's attack goals, 
and adding them as negative goals to the evaluation -- ie, things
that we want to prevent.  Have of the beginnings of goals & moves
for different countries, but not complete.

Unit Ratios (operational)
England always builds fleets for the attack.  If an army exists, it
sees the benefit of convoying to the mainland, but doesn't see that
it should build one in the first place.  Similar issue: Turkey often
builds fleets for initial capture of Sev/Rum/Bul/Gre, then builds
armies for the longer range attacks -- but then has those armies
trapped behind the fleets.

Free Home Centers (operational)
Often can't build because all home SCs are full.  Seems to happen
to Germany and Austria because they feel threatened from all 
directions, and occupy home centers in defence.

Searcher Implementation (UI)
Currently choice of searcher must be hardcoded.  Robot play uses
simple total, situations use full + simple per unit.  Really should
be parameter or controllable somehow.  Or default to full, but its
memory usage is too high right now (retains all possible moves with
full scoring details for all past phases).

