Press

Press is handled through two tabs - the Press Tab in the Action Pane, and the
Incoming Press Tab on the Information Pane.

From the Press Tab, a new message can be composed using the DAIDE negotiation
language by clicking the Compose Press Message button. This takes you to the
Compose Press dialog. Use the buttons to select the press elements to make up
the message. Sometimes there are more options available than the number of
buttons. When this is the case, the scrollbar allows the options to be 
scrolled. The highlight in the message shows what you are currently selecting.
Do not try and alter the highlight - information must be entered in the order
you are asked for it. Once you have completed the message, the OK button
becomes available. You are then asked which powers to send the message to - 
you may select any combination. The message is then sent.

From the Press Tab, you may also send a free text message, by typing it into 
the text box and then pressing the Send Text Press Message button. Again, you
are then asked to select the powers to send it to, and then it is sent.

Messages you receive, and a copy of the messages you send, are displayed on 
the Incoming Press Tab. They are listed in chronological order. 
Double-clicking on a message brings up the reply box. From there, you can 
select to compose a reply in the DAIDE language, which brings up the Compose 
Press message box (as described above), or you can forward the message to 
another power. If the message you Double-clicked was a DAIDE language message
which you received, you can also select one of the quick reply buttons. Click
the button of your choice to send that reply immediately.

Finally from the Press Tab, you can also send Admin messages. To do this, type
the message into the text box and then press the Send Admin Message button.
This facility is for Administration messages only (such as if you wish to
inform the other players that you are having technical problems, or if you 
have to leave for some out-of-game reason, etc), and must not be used to
negotiate. The Admin message appears in the Incoming Press list.

Some or all of the press facilities may be disabled from the Server when the
game is created. This is indicated in the Mapper by the buttons being greyed
out. All negotiation options are also greyed out until the game has started.

You may see a reply from a Bot saying "I didn't understand your message. 
I'm only a Bot.". This may be followed by one of two further messages. "I 
don't understand press." indicates that it is not worth trying to negotiate
with this power. "Please try a simpler message." indicates that it can 
perform some negotiation, but not to the level you are using. Try sending
simpler messages to it. In general, in the Compose Press dialog, the buttons 
to the left are considered to be simpler messages than those to the right at
each stage.
